[ADD] maintain: setup mailjet api (#3178)
odoo/documentation: content/administration/maintain/mailjet_api.rst

===========================

> Setup Mailjet API with Odoo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set up Mailjet API with Odoo
```

============================

Odoo is compatible with Mailjet's API for mass mailing. There are some settings that need to be
configured on Mailjet, some in Odoo and in some circumstances, on the custom domain's DNS settings.
Set up a dedicated mass mailing server through Mailjet in no time!

Set up in Mailjet
=================

Create API credentials
----------------------

To get started, sign in to `Mailjet's Account Information <https://app.mailjet.com/account>`_ page.
Navigate to the Senders & Domains section and click on :guilabel:`SMTP and SEND API Settings`.

.. image:: mailjet_api/api-settings.png
   :align: center
   :alt: SMTP and Send API Settings link in the Mailjet interface.

Copy the SMTP Configuration down to a Notepad; these are located on the right-hand side of the
screen. The settings include the server address, the security option needed (TLS), and the port
number. The :ref:`next section <mailjet-api/verified-sender>` will use these settings while
configuring Mailjet in Odoo. Here is
`Mailjet's SMTP Configuration documentation <https://documentation.mailjet.com/hc/en-us/articles/

> 360043229473-How-can-I-configure-my-SMTP-parameters->`_ for more information.

Reviewer: This is a great catch @mivu-odoo. I have modified the link to say the last section and I added a anchor to it. Does this work okay for you?

.. note::
   Odoo blocks port 25 on SAAS and Odoo.sh databases. `See reference here <https://www.odoo.com/
   documentation/15.0/applications/general/email_communication/email_servers.html#restriction>`_.

.. image:: mailjet_api/smtp-config.png
   :align: center
   :alt: SMTP configuration from Mailjet.

Next, retrieve the API credentials which will be inputted in the Odoo configuration. Click on the
button labeled :guilabel:`Retrieve your API credentials`.

Reveal the :guilabel:`API key` by clicking on the eye icon. Copy this key to a Notepad as this will
serve as the *Username* in Odoo. Generate the :guilabel:`Secret Key` by clicking on the
:guilabel:`Generate Secret Key` button. Copy this key to a Notepad. This will serve as the
*password*.

.. image:: mailjet_api/reveal-value.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Reveal option for Mailjet API key.

.. _mailjet-api/verified-sender:

Add verified sender addresses or domain

> ---------------------------------------

Reviewer: This section details both adding an email address and domain. The other section on the domain has to do with configuring the DNS of the domain. But the setup of the domain is listed in this section.

> ---------------------------------------

Reviewer: I've actually implemented this but linked to a different part prior to the setup in the DNS.

settings. By default, the address originally set up in the Mailjet account will be added on as a
trusted sender. To add an email address, click on the button labeled :guilabel:`Add a sender
address`. Add the email address that is configured to send from the custom domain. It may be easier
to configure the domain as a whole if DNS access is available.

.. note::
   Either all email addresses of users in the database sending using Mailjet will need to be
   configured or the domain(s) of the users' email addresses should be configured.

| At minimum the following email addresses should be
| set up in your provider and verified in Mailjet:

- notifications\@yourdomain.com
- bounce\@yourdomain.com
- catchall\@yourdomain.com

Fill out the *Email Information* form, making sure to select an email type: transactional email or
mass emails. After completing the form, an activation email will be sent to the email address to
activate the trusted sender. It is recommended to set up SPF/DKIM/DMARC settings on the domain of
this sender. See `Mailjet's SPF/DKIM/DMARC documentation <https://documentation.mailjet.com/hc/

> en-us/articles/360042412734-Authenticating-Domains-with-SPF-DKIM>`_ on setting those records.

Reviewer: No, they don't, I'll remove them. Thanks :)

> en-us/articles/360042412734-Authenticating-Domains-with-SPF-DKIM>`_ on setting those records.

Reviewer: I've converted these to abbreviations instead. Does this work for you?

.. important::
   Should the database not be using a custom domain, then in order to verify the sender's address,

>    a temporary alias (of the three email addresses mentioned above) should be set up in the CRM to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   a temporary alias (of the three email addresses mentioned above) should be set up in the Odoo CRM to
```

   to create a lead. You are then able to receive the verification email and verify the accounts.

> 

Reviewer: I've added this section to line 101-103

By adding an entire domain, all the sender addresses related to that domain will be automatically
validated when adding them manually or sending emails from them. Click on :guilabel:`Add domain` to
add the custom domain.

.. note::

>    The domain will need to be validated through the webhosting account or domain registration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The domain will need to be validated through the domain name system.
```

Fill out the *Add a new Domain* page and click :guilabel:`Continue`.

After adding the domain, a validation page will populate. Unless the database is on-premise (Option
1), choose Option 2: Create a DNS Record. Copy the TXT record information to a Notepad and navigate
to the domain's DNS provider.

.. image:: mailjet_api/host-value-dns.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The TXT record information to input on the domain's DNS.

Setup in the domain's DNS
=========================

> Add a TXT record to the domain's DNS. This process will vary depending on the DNS provider. Consult

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a TXT record to the domain's DNS (Domain Name System). This process will vary depending on the DNS provider. Consult
```

DNS provider. Consult the provider for specific configuration processes. The TXT record will
consist of the *Host* and *Value*, or *Text*, populated in the previous step in Mailjet's account
information. Paste these into the corresponding fields in your TXT record.

Return to Mailjet account information
=====================================

Then navigate to :menuselection:`Account Information --> Add a Sender Domain or Address --> Gear
Icon by Domain --> Validate` This can also be reached through the `Sender domains & addresses
<https://app.mailjet.com/account/sender>`_ page on Mailjet's account information and clicking on
:guilabel:`manage`.

.. image:: mailjet_api/manage-domain.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Manage domain in Mailjet.

Click :guilabel:`Check Now`. This will validate the TXT record you added on your domain. A success
screen will appear if the domain is configured correctly.

> .. image:: mailjet_api/check-dns.png

Reviewer: This file has been resized. In addition I've also resized: host-value-dns.png

   :align: center
   :alt: Check DNS record in Mailjet.

After successfully setting up the domain, there is an option to *Authenticate the domain
(SPF/DKIM)*. This button will populate SPF & DKIM records to input into the DNS provider. See
`Mailjet's SPF/DKIM documentation <https://documentation.mailjet.com/hc/en-us/articles/
360042412734-Authenticating-Domains-with-SPF-DKIM>`_ on setting those records.

.. image:: mailjet_api/authenticate.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Authenticate the domain with SPF/DKIM records in Mailjet.

> Setup in Odoo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set up in Odoo
```

> =============

Reviewer: ```suggestion
==============
```

To complete the setup, navigate to the Odoo database. With
:ref:`developer-mode` turned on, go to the
:menuselection:`Technical Menu --> Email --> Outgoing Mail Servers`. Create a new outgoing server
configuration by clicking on the :guilabel:`Create` button.

Input the *SMTP server (in-v3.mailjet.com)*, *port number (587 or 465)*, and *Security (SSL/TLS)*
from the Notepad that were copied earlier; they can also be found `here <https://app.mailjet.com/
account/setup>`_. It is recommended to use SSL/TLS even through Mailjet may not require it.

> For the *Username*, input the :guilabel:`API KEY`, and for the *Password*, input the
> :guilabel:`SECRET KEY` that was copied to the Notepad earlier. These settings can be found here, or
> on :menuselection:`Mailjet -->  Account Settings --> SMTP and SEND API Settings`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For the :guilabel:`Username`, input the :guilabel:`API KEY`. For the :guilabel:`Password`, input the
:guilabel:`SECRET KEY` that was copied from the Mailjet account to the notepad earlier. These
settings can be found on :menuselection:`Mailjet -->  Account Settings --> SMTP and SEND API
Settings`.
```

> Set the priority higher than that of your transactional email server(s), if this server is used for
> mass emailing. Save your settings and *Test the Connection*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Then, if the Mailjet server is used for mass emailing, set the :guilabel:`Priority` higher than that
of any transactional email server(s). Finally, save the settings and :guilabel:`Test the
Connection`.
```

.. image:: mailjet_api/server-settings.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Odoo outgoing email server settings.

.. important::

>    In order for the notifications feature to work using MailJet there are three settings that need
>    to be set in Odoo.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   In order for the notifications feature to work using Mailjet, there are three settings that need
   to be set in Odoo.
```

>    #. The :guilabel:`From Filter` will need to be set on the server configuration. It is recommended
>       to set it as a domain and not a full email address. It should match the domain in the two
>       proceeding steps. More information can be referenced
>       :ref:`here <email_servers/outgoing-email-server>`.
>    #. The :guilabel:`mail.default.from` system parameter should have the value
>       `notifications\@yourdomain.com`.
>    #. The :guilabel:`mail.default.from_filter` system parameter should have the value
>       `yourdomain.com`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   #. The :guilabel:`From Filter` needs to be set on the server configuration. It is recommended
      to set it as a domain and not a full email address. It should match the domain in the two
      proceeding steps. More information can be referenced :ref:`here
      <email_servers/outgoing-email-server>`.
   #. The :guilabel:`mail.default.from` system parameter must have the value
      `notifications\@yourdomain.com`.
   #. The :guilabel:`mail.default.from_filter` system parameter must have the value
      `yourdomain.com`
```

.. note::
   More on setting these parameters can be found :ref:`here <email_domain/default>`.

.. important::

>    Replace `yourdomain` with the custom domain for your database and if there isn't one then use the
>    :guilabel:`mail.catchall.domain` system parameter.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Replace `yourdomain` with the custom domain for the Odoo database. If there isn't one, then use
   the :guilabel:`mail.catchall.domain` system parameter.
```

> The setup is complete and the database is ready to use the Mailjet email server for mass mailing or
> transactional emails!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once the setup is complete, the Odoo database is ready to use the Mailjet email server for mass
mailing or transactional emails!
```

============================
Set up Mailjet API with Odoo
============================

> Odoo is compatible with Mailjet's API for mass mailing. Set up a dedicated mass mailing server
> through Mailjet by configuring some settings in the Mailjet account and the Odoo database. In some
> circumstances, settings will have to be configured on the custom domain's :abbr:`DNS (Domain Name
> System)` settings as well.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Odoo is compatible with Mailjet's :abbr:`API (Application Programming Interface)` for mass mailing.
Set up a dedicated mass mailing server through Mailjet by configuring settings in the Mailjet
account and the Odoo database. In some circumstances, settings need to be configured on the custom
domain's :abbr:`DNS (Domain Name System)` settings as well.
```

Set up in Mailjet
=================

Create API credentials
----------------------

To get started, sign in to the `Mailjet Account Information <https://app.mailjet.com/account>`_
page. Next, navigate to the :guilabel:`Senders & Domains` section and click on :guilabel:`SMTP and
SEND API Settings`.

.. image:: mailjet_api/api-settings.png
   :align: center
   :alt: SMTP and Send API Settings link in the Senders & Domains section of Mailjet.

> Then, copy the SMTP configuration settings onto a notepad. They can be found under the
> :guilabel:`Configuration (SMTP only)` section. The SMTP configuration settings include the server
> address, the security option needed (Use SSL/TLS), and the port number. The settings are needed to
> configured Mailjet in Odoo, which will be covered in the :ref:`last section
> <maintain/mailjet-api/odoo-setup>`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Then, copy the :abbr:`SMTP (Simple Mail Transfer Protocol)` configuration settings onto a notepad.
They can be found under the :guilabel:`Configuration (SMTP only)` section. The :abbr:`SMTP (Simple
Mail Transfer Protocol)` configuration settings include the server address, the security option
needed (Use :abbr:`SSL (Secure Sockets Layer)`/:abbr:`TLS (Transport Layer Security)`), and the port
number. The settings are needed to configured Mailjet in Odoo, which is covered in the :ref:`last
section <maintain/mailjet-api/odoo-setup>`.
```

.. note::
   Here is `Mailjet's SMTP Configuration documentation <https://documentation.mailjet.com/hc/en-us/
   articles/360043229473-How-can-I-configure-my-SMTP-parameters->`_ for more information.

> .. note::
>    Odoo blocks `port 25` on SaaS and Odoo.sh databases.
>    :ref:`See reference here <email_servers/restriction>`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. important::
   Odoo blocks `port 25` on SaaS and Odoo.sh databases. :ref:`See reference here
   <email_servers/restriction>`.
```

.. image:: mailjet_api/smtp-config.png
   :align: center
   :alt: SMTP configuration from Mailjet.

Next, click on the button labeled :guilabel:`Retrieve your API credentials` to retrieve the Mailjet
API credentials.

> Then, reveal the :guilabel:`API key` by clicking on the eye icon. Copy this key to a notepad, as
> this serves as the :guilabel:`Username` in the Odoo configuration. Next, generate the
> :guilabel:`Secret Key` by clicking on the :guilabel:`Generate Secret Key` button. Copy this key to
> a notepad, as this serves as the :guilabel:`Password` in the Odoo configuration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Then, click on the eye icon to reveal the :guilabel:`API key`. Copy this key to a notepad, as this
serves as the :guilabel:`Username` in the Odoo configuration. Next, click on the :guilabel:`Generate
Secret Key` button to generate the :guilabel:`Secret Key`. Copy this key to a notepad, as this
serves as the :guilabel:`Password` in the Odoo configuration.
```

> Add verified sender address(s)
> ------------------------------

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Add verified sender address(es)
-------------------------------
```

The next step is to add a sender address or a domain to the Mailjet account settings so that the
email address or domain is approved to send emails using Mailjet's servers. First, navigate to the
`Mailjet Account Information <https://app.mailjet.com/account>`_ page. Next, click on
:guilabel:`Add a Sender Domain or Address` link under the :guilabel:`Senders & Domains` section.

.. image:: mailjet_api/add-domain-email.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Add a sender domain or address in the Mailjet interface.

> Determine if a sender's email address or the entire domain needs to be added to the Mailjet
> settings. By default, the email address originally set up in the Mailjet account is added as a
> trusted sender.
> 
> To add another email address, click on the button labeled :guilabel:`Add a sender address`. Then,
> add the email address that is configured to send from the custom domain. It may be easier to
> configure the domain as a whole if :abbr:`DNS (Domain Name System)` access is available. Jump to
> the :ref:`Add a domain <maintain/mailjet-api/add-domain>` section for steps on adding the domain.
> 
> .. note::
>    Either all email addresses of the Odoo database users who are sending emails using Mailjet's
>    servers need to be configured or the domain(s) of the users' email addresses can be configured.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Determine if a sender's email address or the entire domain needs to be added to the Mailjet
settings. It may be easier to configure the domain as a whole if :abbr:`DNS (Domain Name System)`
access is available. Jump to the :ref:`Add a domain <maintain/mailjet-api/add-domain>` section for
steps on adding the domain. 

.. note::
   Either all email addresses of the Odoo database users who are sending emails using Mailjet's
   servers need to be configured or the domain(s) of the users' email addresses can be configured.

By default, the email address originally set up in the Mailjet account is added as a trusted sender.
To add another email address, click on the button labeled :guilabel:`Add a sender address`. Then,
add the email address that is configured to send from the custom domain.
```

After that, fill out the :guilabel:`Email Information` form, making sure to select the appropriate
email type: transactional email or mass emails. After completing the form, an activation email is
sent to the email address and the trusted sender can be activated.

It is recommended to set up the :abbr:`SPF (Sender Policy Framework)`/:abbr:`DKIM (DomainKeys
Identified Mail)`/:abbr:`DMARC (Domain-based Message Authentication, Reporting, and
Conformance)` settings on the domain of the sender.

.. note::
   See `Mailjet's SPF/DKIM/DMARC documentation <https://documentation.mailjet.com/hc/
   en-us/articles/360042412734-Authenticating-Domains-with-SPF-DKIM>`_ on setting those records.

.. important::
   If the database is not using a custom domain, then in order to verify the sender's address, a
   temporary alias (of the three email addresses mentioned above) should be set up in Odoo CRM to
   create a lead. Then, the user is able to receive the verification email and verify the accounts.

.. _maintain/mailjet-api/add-domain:

Add a domain
------------

By adding an entire domain to the Mailjet account, all the sender addresses related to that domain

> are automatically validated for sending emails on Mailjet. Click on :guilabel:`Add domain` to add
> the custom domain.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
are automatically validated for sending emails using Mailjet servers. First, navigate to the
`Mailjet Account Information <https://app.mailjet.com/account>`_ page. Next, click on :guilabel:`Add
a Sender Domain or Address` link under the :guilabel:`Senders & Domains` section. Then, click on
:guilabel:`Add domain` to add the custom domain.
```

.. note::
   The domain needs to be added to the Mailjet account and then validated through the :abbr:`DNS
   (Domain Name System)`.

> First, fill out the :guilabel:`Add a new Domain` page on Mailjet and click :guilabel:`Continue`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After that, fill out the :guilabel:`Add a new Domain` page on Mailjet and click
:guilabel:`Continue`.
```

After adding the domain, a validation page will populate. Unless the Odoo database is on-premise
(in which case, choose :guilabel:`Option 1`), choose :guilabel:`Option 2: Create a DNS Record`.

> Copy the TXT record information to a notepad and navigate to the domain's :abbr:`DNS (Domain Name
> System)` provider.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Copy the TXT record information to a notepad and then navigate to the domain's :abbr:`DNS (Domain
Name System)` provider to complete validation.
```

.. image:: mailjet_api/host-value-dns.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The TXT record information to input on the domain's DNS.

Setup in the domain's DNS
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

After getting the TXT record information from the Mailjet account, add a TXT record to the domain's

> :abbr:`DNS (Domain Name System)`. This process will vary depending on the :abbr:`DNS (Domain Name

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:abbr:`DNS (Domain Name System)`. This process varies depending on the :abbr:`DNS (Domain Name
```

After successfully setting up the domain, there is an option to :guilabel:`Authenticate this domain
(SPF/DKIM)`. This button populates :abbr:`SPF (Sender Policy Framework)` & :abbr:`DKIM (DomainKeys
Identified Mail) records to input into the :abbr:`DNS (Domain Name System)` provider.

.. note::
   See Mailjet's :abbr:`SPF (Sender Policy Framework)`/:abbr:`DKIM (DomainKeys Identified Mail)`
   `documentation <https://documentation.mailjet.com/hc/en-us/articles/
   360042412734-Authenticating-Domains-with-SPF-DKIM>`_ on setting those records.

.. image:: mailjet_api/authenticate.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Authenticate the domain with SPF/DKIM records in Mailjet.

.. _maintain/mailjet-api/odoo-setup:

Set up in Odoo
==============

To complete the setup, navigate to the Odoo database. With :ref:`developer-mode` turned on, go to
the :menuselection:`Technical Menu --> Email --> Outgoing Mail Servers`. Then, create a new
outgoing server configuration by clicking on the :guilabel:`Create` button.

Next, input the `SMTP server` (in-v3.mailjet.com), `port number` (587 or 465), and `Security
(SSL/TLS)` that was copied earlier from the Mailjet account. They can also be found `here

> <https://app.mailjet.com/account/setup>`_. It is recommended to use SSL/TLS even though Mailjet may
> not require it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<https://app.mailjet.com/account/setup>`_. It is recommended to use :abbr:`SSL (Secure Sockets
Layer)`/:abbr:`TLS (Transport Layer Security)` even though Mailjet may not require it.
```

For the :guilabel:`Username`, input the :guilabel:`API KEY`. For the :guilabel:`Password`, input
the :guilabel:`SECRET KEY` that was copied from the Mailjet account to the notepad earlier. These
settings can be found on :menuselection:`Mailjet -->  Account Settings --> SMTP and SEND API
Settings`.

> Then, if the Mailjet server is used for mass emailing, set the :guilabel:`Priority` higher than
> that of any transactional email server(s). Finally, save the settings and :guilabel:`Test the
> Connection`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Then, if the Mailjet server is used for mass emailing, set the :guilabel:`Priority` value higher
than that of any transactional email server(s). Finally, save the settings and :guilabel:`Test the
Connection`.
```

.. image:: mailjet_api/server-settings.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Odoo outgoing email server settings.

.. important::
   In order for the notifications feature to work using Mailjet, there are three settings that need
   to be set in Odoo.

   #. The :guilabel:`From Filter` needs to be set on the server configuration. It is recommended
      to set it as a domain and not a full email address. It should match the domain in the two
      proceeding steps. More information can be referenced :ref:`here
      <email_servers/outgoing-email-server>`.
   #. The :guilabel:`mail.default.from` system parameter must have the value
      `notifications\@yourdomain.com`.
   #. The :guilabel:`mail.default.from_filter` system parameter must have the value

>       `yourdomain.com`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      `yourdomain.com`.
```

.. note::
   More on setting these parameters can be found :ref:`here <email_domain/default>`.

.. important::
   Replace `yourdomain` with the custom domain for the Odoo database. If there isn't one, then use

>    the :guilabel:`mail.catchall.domain` system parameter.

Reviewer 2: I feel like this information can be included in the `.. important::` block that comes before it. Having it in a separate `.. note::` and `.. important::` block with the vague wording `these parameters` can be confusing to the reader.

Reviewer: I've combined these two sections into the "important" block. Thanks for pointing this out :)

Address`, click the gear icon next to :guilabel:`Domain`, and select :guilabel:`Validate`.

This action can also be done by going to the `Sender domains & addresses <https://app.mailjet.com/
account/sender>`_ page on the Mailjet account information and clicking on :guilabel:`Manage`.

Next, click :guilabel:`Check Now` to validate the TXT record that was added on the domain. A
success screen will appear if the domain is configured correctly.

.. image:: mailjet_api/check-dns.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Check DNS record in Mailjet.

After successfully setting up the domain, there is an option to :guilabel:`Authenticate this domain
(SPF/DKIM)`. This button populates :abbr:`SPF (Sender Policy Framework)` & :abbr:`DKIM (DomainKeys
Identified Mail) records to input into the :abbr:`DNS (Domain Name System)` provider.

.. seealso::
   `Mailjet's SPF/DKIM/DMARC documentation <https://documentation.mailjet.com/hc/articles/
   360042412734-Authenticating-Domains-with-SPF-DKIM>`_

.. image:: mailjet_api/authenticate.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Authenticate the domain with SPF/DKIM records in Mailjet.

.. _maintain/mailjet-api/odoo-setup:

Set up in Odoo
==============

> To complete the setup, navigate to the Odoo database and go to the Settings App. With

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To complete the setup, navigate to the Odoo database and go to the :guilabel:`Settings`. With
```

the :guilabel:`SECRET KEY` that was copied from the Mailjet account to the notepad earlier. These
settings can be found on :menuselection:`Mailjet -->  Account Settings --> SMTP and SEND API
Settings`.

Then, if the Mailjet server is used for mass emailing, set the :guilabel:`Priority` value higher
than that of any transactional email server(s). Finally, save the settings and :guilabel:`Test the
Connection`.

.. image:: mailjet_api/server-settings.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Odoo outgoing email server settings.

.. important::
   In order for the notifications feature to work using Mailjet, there are three settings that need
   to be set in Odoo.

   #. The :guilabel:`From Filter` needs to be set on the server configuration. It is recommended
      to set it as a domain and not a full email address. It should match the domain in the two
      proceeding steps. More information can be referenced :ref:`here
      <email_servers/outgoing-email-server>`.
   #. The :guilabel:`mail.default.from` system parameter must have the value
      `notifications\@yourdomain.com`.
   #. The :guilabel:`mail.default.from_filter` system parameter must have the value

>       `yourdomain.com`.
> 
>    For more information see :ref:`Using a default email address <email_domain/default>`.
> 
>    Replace `yourdomain` with the custom domain for the Odoo database. If there isn't one, then use
>    the :guilabel:`mail.catchall.domain` system parameter.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      `yourdomain.com`.  Replace `yourdomain` with the custom domain for the Odoo database. If there
      isn't one, then use the :guilabel:`mail.catchall.domain` system parameter.

   For more information see :ref:`Using a default email address <email_domain/default>`.
```

> ============================
> Set up Mailjet API with Odoo
> ============================

Reviewer 3: "with odoo" would be in most API doc titles. Same with "set up"

What about
```suggestion
===========
Mailjet API
===========
```

https://www.odoo.com/documentation/master/contributing/documentation/content_guidelines.html#titles-and-headings

account and the Odoo database. In some circumstances, settings need to be configured on the custom
domain's :abbr:`DNS (Domain Name System)` settings as well.

Set up in Mailjet
=================

Create API credentials
----------------------

To get started, sign in to the `Mailjet Account Information <https://app.mailjet.com/account>`_
page. Next, navigate to the :guilabel:`Senders & Domains` section and click on :guilabel:`SMTP and
SEND API Settings`.

.. image:: mailjet_api/api-settings.png
   :align: center
   :alt: SMTP and Send API Settings link in the Senders & Domains section of Mailjet.

Then, copy the :abbr:`SMTP (Simple Mail Transfer Protocol)` configuration settings onto a notepad.
They can be found under the :guilabel:`Configuration (SMTP only)` section. The :abbr:`SMTP (Simple
Mail Transfer Protocol)` configuration settings include the server address, the security option
needed (Use :abbr:`SSL (Secure Sockets Layer)`/:abbr:`TLS (Transport Layer Security)`), and the
port number. The settings are needed to configured Mailjet in Odoo, which is covered in the
:ref:`last section <maintain/mailjet-api/odoo-setup>`.

> .. note::
>    Here is `Mailjet's SMTP Configuration documentation <https://documentation.mailjet.com/hc/en-us/
>    articles/360043229473-How-can-I-configure-my-SMTP-parameters->`_ for more information.

Reviewer 3: Same as here (please check all links and admonitions)
https://github.com/odoo/documentation/pull/3221#discussion_r1052038333

- If the tip is to suggest opening a link, then it's rather a seealso
- In RST, you can go to another line wherever you can write a space. So not in the middle of a link ^^
- Remove the region/language part of your URLs whenever possible (here the /en-us). This way, the link opens correctly for everyone, according to their cached settings on Microsoft's website or localization.

```suggestion
.. seealso::
   `Mailjet: How can I configure my SMTP parameters?
    <https://documentation.mailjet.com/hc/en-us/articles/360043229473>`_
```

.. important::

>    Odoo blocks `port 25` on SaaS and Odoo.sh databases. :ref:`See reference here

Reviewer 3: Please use "Odoo Online" and not "SaaS". Multiplying appellations confuses our readers.

sender. To add another email address, click on the button labeled :guilabel:`Add a sender address`.
Then, add the email address that is configured to send from the custom domain.

At minimum the following email addresses should be set up in the provider and verified in Mailjet:

- notifications\@yourdomain.com
- bounce\@yourdomain.com
- catchall\@yourdomain.com

.. note::
   Replace `yourdomain` with the custom domain for the Odoo database. If there isn't one, then use
   the :guilabel:`mail.catchall.domain` system parameter.

After that, fill out the :guilabel:`Email Information` form, making sure to select the appropriate
email type: transactional email or mass emails. After completing the form, an activation email is
sent to the email address and the trusted sender can be activated.

It is recommended to set up the :abbr:`SPF (Sender Policy Framework)`/:abbr:`DKIM (DomainKeys
Identified Mail)`/:abbr:`DMARC (Domain-based Message Authentication, Reporting, and
Conformance)` settings on the domain of the sender.

.. note::
   See `Mailjet's SPF/DKIM/DMARC documentation <https://documentation.mailjet.com/hc/

>    en-us/articles/360042412734-Authenticating-Domains-with-SPF-DKIM>`_ on setting those records.

Reviewer 3: same here

the corresponding fields in the TXT record.

Return to Mailjet account information
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

After adding the TXT record to the domain's :abbr:`DNS (Domain Name System)`, navigate back to the
Mailjet account. Then, navigate to :menuselection:`Account Information --> Add a Sender Domain or
Address`, click the gear icon next to :guilabel:`Domain`, and select :guilabel:`Validate`.

This action can also be done by going to the `Sender domains & addresses <https://app.mailjet.com/
account/sender>`_ page on the Mailjet account information and clicking on :guilabel:`Manage`.

Next, click :guilabel:`Check Now` to validate the TXT record that was added on the domain. A
success screen will appear if the domain is configured correctly.

.. image:: mailjet_api/check-dns.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Check DNS record in Mailjet.

After successfully setting up the domain, there is an option to :guilabel:`Authenticate this domain
(SPF/DKIM)`. This button populates :abbr:`SPF (Sender Policy Framework)` & :abbr:`DKIM (DomainKeys
Identified Mail) records to input into the :abbr:`DNS (Domain Name System)` provider.

> .. note::

Reviewer 3: same here
